Use `trafficUnknownColor` for route line when no congestion level found. (#3577)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### Other changes

* Fixed a retain cycle in CarPlay implementation of a navigation map view that prevented `NavigationMapView` instances from being deallocated after CarPlay is stopped. ([#3552](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3552))

> * Fixed a regression when no congestion level information found, the current active route leg shows `NavigationMapView.routeCasingColor` instead of `NavigationMapView.trafficUnknownColor`. ([#3577](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3577))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the entire route line was colored as `NavigationMapView.routeCasingColor` instead of `NavigationMapView.trafficUnknownColor` when traffic congestion data was missing. ([#3577](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3577))
```
